Update setup doc (#47)
databrickslabs/databricks-sync: docs/setup.md

# Databricks-Sync

> Databricks-Sync is a synchronization utility for the export and import of Databricks-native objects from one workspace to another. The primary use case for Databricks-Sync is Disaster Recovery (incremental backup and restore); however, it can be used as a one-time migration utility.

Reviewer: I think that "one-time" migration utility gives a wrong impression.
IMO we should position the tool for both migration and DR. you can think about it as a continuous migration.

Should we mention the CI/CD option as well?

Author: ```suggestion
Databricks-Sync is a synchronization utility for the export and import of Databricks-native objects from one workspace to another. The primary use cases for Databricks-Sync are Disaster Recovery, migration, and CI/CD.
```

Author: @itaiw - does this sound better?

Check your Databricks CLI access credentials in the file `~/.databrickscfg` to verify successful authentication set up. The file should contain entries like:

```
[profile]
	host = https://<databricks-instance>
	token =  <personal-access-token>
```

Any repository management tool that supports git and SSH protocols can be used to store state instead of a local repository. Instructions for connecting with common providers through SSH are linked below.

* [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/connecting-to-github-with-ssh)
* [Bitbucket Cloud](https://support.atlassian.com/bitbucket-cloud/docs/set-up-an-ssh-key/)
* [Bitbucket Server](https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucketserver/enabling-ssh-access-to-git-repositories-in-bitbucket-server-776640358.html)
* [GitLab](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ssh/)

Please refer to the appropriate provider documentation for steps to verify SSH authentication.

## Dependencies

> When using no public internet, Databricks-Sync requires the following environment dependencies:

Reviewer: We need the TF installed whether you run online or offline

Author: ```suggestion
Databricks-Sync requires the following environment dependencies:
```

> * [terraform 0.13.x](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html)

Reviewer: @stikkireddy should we add "or above"?

Reviewer 2: Ya a greater or equal to

Author: Not following this thread. Which dependency would this be for?

Reviewer: * [terraform 0.13.x](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html)

> * [terraform-provider-databricks 0.2.x](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/databrickslabs/databricks/latest)

Reviewer: Can we modify this to 0.3.x?

Author: ```suggestion
* [terraform-provider-databricks 0.3.x](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/databrickslabs/databricks/latest)
```

> * [terraform-provider-databricks 0.3.x](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/databrickslabs/databricks/latest)

Author: Offline install is no longer being supported for terraform-provider-databricks.
